Feat: Use Security Group 4.x Module (#94)
cloudposse/terraform-aws-efs: docs/migration-0.30.1-0.32.x+.md

# Migration from 0.30.1 to 0.32.x+

> NOTE: This is not a migration from the pre-release version 0.31.0 and 0.31.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This is not a migration guide from the pre-release versions 0.31.0 and 0.31.1
```

> Version `0.32.0` of this module introduces breaking changes that, without taking additional precautions, will cause the underlying resources to be recreated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version `0.32.0` of this module introduces changes that, without taking additional precautions, will cause the security group created by this module to be replaced with a new one. Note that the EFS file system will not be affected, all that will change is that the EFS mount targets will be moved to a new security group and there may be a brief period (likely only a few seconds) during which all connectivity is lost. 
```

This is because of the newer version's reliance on the [terraform-aws-security-group](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-security-group)
module for managing the module's security group. This changes the Terraform resource address.

To circumvent this, after bumping the module version to the newer version, run a plan to retrieve the resource addresses of

> the SG that Terraform would like to destroy, and the resource address of the SG which Terraform would like to create.

Reviewer 2: Feel free to copy from the `elasticache-redis` [migration notes](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-elasticache-redis/blob/master/docs/migration-notes-0.41.0.md) to give a more thorough explanation.

First, make sure that the following variable is set:

```hcl
security_group_suffix = "efs"

> ```

Author: security_group_suffix was removed in favor of security_group_name and I updated this doc accordingly

Setting `security_group_suffix` to its "legacy" value will keep the Security Group from being replaced, and hence the underlying resource.

Finally, change the resource address of the existing Security Group.

```bash
terraform state mv \
  'module.efs.aws_security_group.efs[0]' \
  'module.efs.module.security_group.aws_security_group.default[0]'
terraform state mv \
  'module.efs.aws_security_group_rule.egress[0]' \
  'module.efs.module.security_group.aws_security_group_rule.keyed["_allow_all_egress_"]' \
terraform state mv \
  'module.efs.aws_security_group_rule.ingress_security_groups[0]' \
  'module.efs.module.security_group.aws_security_group_rule.keyed["_m[0]#[0]#sg#0"]'
```

> This will result in an plan that will only destroy SG Rules, but not the itself or the underlying resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will result in an plan that will only destroy SG Rules, but not the Security Group itself.
```
